Barbie.
Which one now? That's the question.
Gosselmanie. I know we've got the rugby ones.
Yeah, football.
The football ones.
Music.
Definitely the music ones. The college ones.
I would say I would hold on to the rugby and football one and plus the beat the new one
there, FIFA with England's woman.
I played as the best women's team in Brazil and I lost.
Yeah, what was the score Al?
2-1.
Cracking for your kick winner.
Yeah, 2-1.
I think the memory I would hold on for both of us I would say is probably when we go play pool or snooker
and watching the football matches together in the rugby.
I think it's because we kind of make the most of the day.
We won't just go there for an hour or two, we go out for a day to go play football, have lunch and then
do something to have a couple of beverages.
Religion's been a friendship, you know.
Because I think that's what kind of enabled us to talk to each other about a bit more then to get that
kind of key across of when do you want to go and take our friendship bit step further to go to a match together.
It is, yeah.
So, 2020 this year, it was me, you and Kimi.
That was a good day.
That's one of the memories because I was up with you and Kimi at the time.
Yeah, yeah.
Plus, you've never been to a match with my girlfriend until then.
You've seen your loss that day.
Yeah, managed to just sit a couple of rows opposite each other.
Yeah, it was not far, it was a couple of blocks actually.
So, we were quite lucky, we were quite close together.
But, I think that, I think, it's a lot of memories but I think that one stands out for me that I think
football will agree that it's a key to our friendship.
A very long one.